Ok, here is what I want for the Catechism of the Catholic Church III Pillar. 
This is about what the life in christ should look like. I need my readers to open up ALL OF THEIR SENSES. 

Moral Law & Grace: ELOHIM Says to humans be prosperous in multitude. 

Natural Law is the texts and wisdom of the native species, which we have covered well. 
The New Law - is the Ten Commandments, simplified of the Community Rule. 
GOD'S GRACE - is EVERYTIME ELOHHIM's Angels come down to earth to speak with a person, correct something, provide directions, provide knowledge, etc. 
The Scriptures speak of Enoch, Enoch will forever be an example of God's Grace. Noah being advised to build an arc, is an example of god's grace. 
Moses receiving tablets, and Aaron's rod, and a path to Israel's ancient tunnel systems and walls is god's grace. 

The Ten Commandments: Humans can best help our species, and allied species by spreading the word of god, and increasing access to sciences, history, and art. 
I have a skill in reading scriptures because I studied art at stanford, and history at the University of Minnesota. 
My MDIV was done for the Chaplain's Corps, I was not able to think outside of reality during combat. 
Jesus' death became something too real, after seeing people hanging from wires when buildings were shelled. 
I had to find a real explaination for everything. I have a lot of religious leaders as connections as a Fleet Admiral and Commandant. 
We move faster now in combing through data and looking for connections with META Tags, GPS, business location data, etc. 
We can tag which library has which data, from which site, from which date, involving which nations, involving which leaders, involving which court, 
which weapons, which ships, etc. We can literally use computers to match up bible stories with ancient court cases. 
We are building a better ISR with the help of USAFRICOM and the Catholic Church.

Virtue & Sin: It is physics, not just philosophy. 
The Vital Spirit, the word as used in biblical times literally meant a person's heartbeat frequency "resonation". 
The pulse of the heartbeat was litterally seen as the movement of the spirit, or the wave driver, or function generator. 
Our ability to control our heartbeat literally can be seen in Physiological synchrony. 
Where males will ususally match another's heart rythm to keep a distance, as like frequencies repel another. 
A male and female often show an invers synchronization where the man will exhale as the woman inhales, and vice versa, as two inverse frequencies attract each other. 
Most of our love feelings are generated by compatible hearts. hearts that find working with the other heart easy, or pleasurable. 

The Scriptures says over a dozen times, that humans can see the future. 
We are not atechnical document, or engineering manual. We don't argue with the scriptures. 
Humans can see the future is a fact. According to Science, Energy cannot be Created or Destroyed, meaning that mental visions MUST come from somewhere, 
and cannot be CREATED by our own mind. But we are not a science document, we just agree with scripture that it's possible. With god all things are possible.

FAITH: is one's ability to stick to a plan because they know it was how they got to the point in the future that they wanted to be at.
HOPE: is like FAIH for lazy people, or people who are physically disabled. Hoping something happens is not as powerful as working with faith that something will happen.
LOVE: is the heart's resistance to isolation for health reasons. 
love is faith that with multitude and ELOHIM, your group of love ones are ENOUGH to accomplish life's missions and goals.

PRUDENCE: is the ability for someone to avoid environments, people, events, etc. in order to avoid a bad future they saw. 
I person who does not avoid bad visions in reality when they have signs, have bad prudence. One who looks for signs from his vision, 
and uses them to improve their safety has prudence.

JUSTICE: is the ability to use the power of visions to detect lies, deciet, treason, and bad people.

TEMPERANCE: is the ability to use future visions to know when to strike, when not to strike, where to wait, and when to wait.

FORTITUDE: is the ability to be comfortable with one's future vision, no matter what others say. Be careful of isolation and boredom.

SIN: is caused by parasitic cancers that have plagued huamsn since our history began. Sin is Pycnogonida. (We wont speak on it, but pycnogonids produce a sin wave somehow.)


Church Social Teaching: The church's role in society should be to treat corrupt politicians like Pontius Pilate, 
and remove them from leadership before we lose leaders like Barnabah and Jesus. Solidarity in the USMC Chaplain Corps is ALWAYS about education, 
sciences, Aviation, Literature, Math, History, Chemistry, Maritime, Language, Art. 
I know that the curch in Rome supports Leonardo and Boeing building the MH139A Grey Wolf Helicopter for the U.S. Air Force hundreds of years after he drew the design for the Aerial Screw. 
The Grey Wolf Helicopter is Solid, for sure, and it started on papyrus in a Roman city who loved jesus.
